I know I only have you in my heart
Fang Xiaoxiao is the shadow given to me by the emperor
I can't refuse
The emperor said to let him be my side concubine
Just to spy on me
I can't just say no.
You want me to accommodate him
Impossible not
That's not what I meant.
I'm just explaining to you.
Why didn't I tell you about him in the first place?
Listen to me!
I originally planned to wait until he entered the mansion
Find a way to get rid of him
But if you mind so much
I'm going to tell the emperor now that I refuse him
How come?
He he he he died
Really dead
I just came to feed him
I didn't kill it
No poisoning
Then how did he die?
Hey, there's something here